Hello and welcome. In this lesson,
we will learn how to navigate the SEC website and how
to search the EDGAR database for the desired 10-K documents.
We begin by going to the US Securities and Exchange Commission website, sec.gov.
Now, to access the EDGAR database,
we can go to the Filings menu and select the EDGAR Search Tools.
So if I click here,
this will take me to this webpage where we can see
some general information about the Edgar Search Tools.
Now, if we want to find the filings for a specific company,
we can click here on Company Filings.
So, let's click on that.
So, this will take us to this webpage.
Now, the easiest way to look up
a company's filings is by using their ticker symbol or Central Index Key,
also known as the CIK.
For example, let's look up Apple's filings by using its ticker symbol AAPL.
So if we click Search,
we can see now all the filings filed by Apple.
Now let's go back,
and let's suppose I didn't know the ticker symbol or
Central Index Key of the company that I'm looking for.
So, alternatively, we can also look up the company's name.
For example, let's suppose I didn't know the ticker symbol for Apple,
so I can just put in here Apple and click on Search.
Notice that when we search by company name instead of ticker symbol or CIK,
we get a lot of results.
This is because there are a lot of company names that have the word Apple in them,
such as Apple Box Productions or Apple Capital Group.
Notice however, that even though there are
a lot of company names with the word Apple in them,
each company has a unique CIK number.
The company we are interested in is Apple Incorporated,
which deals with electronic computers and was formerly known as Apple Computer.
This number right here represents
the Standard Industrial Classification code and indicates a company's type of business.
So, let's go ahead and select
Apple Incorporated by clicking on its corresponding CIK number.
Now in this page,
we can see a list of all the documents filed by Apple through the years.
In our case, however,
we're only going to be looking at 10-Ks.
So, we can select only the 10-Ks by typing
10-K in the Filing Type box and clicking on Search.
So now, we can see a list of all the 10-Ks filed by Apple starting from the
latest one in 2018 and going all the way back to 1994.
Notice that we also get 10-K/A filings
which correspond to amendments made to some of the 10-Ks.
Now, we can take a look at the 10-K filed
in any particular year by clicking on Documents.
So, let's click here to take a look at the most recent 10-K. Now in this page,
we can see that there are multiple documents.
For example, we can see that the first document corresponds to the actual 10-K.
These documents correspond to exhibits of the 10-K.
The next two files are images and
this last file is a complete version of the 10-K document,
but in a plain text format.
Now let's take a look at the 10-K document.
Notice that this 10-K is in HTML format.
So, let's click here to see what it looks like.
So, here we have the 10-K document.
If we scroll down,
we can see the table of contents and all the sections in this 10-K. For our purposes,
however, we will only be looking at item 1A,
item 7, and item 7A.
So, let's start by looking at item 1A.
As we can see,
item 1A talks about risk factors.
Each risk factor is highlighted in bold.
For example, the first risk factor that is being discussed is
about global and regional economic conditions
could materially adversely affect the company's business,
results of operations, financial condition, and growth.
Here we see another risk factor being discussed,
which talks about global markets for the company's products and services are
highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change,
and the company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
If we scroll down,
we can see all the other risk factors discussed in this particular 10-K.
Now, let's quickly take a look at item 7 and 7A.
Here we have item 7 whose subject is
the management's discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations.
As we can see, this session has a lot of financial data,
such as sales data, product performance,
net sales of each product,
operating expenses, revenue, et cetera.
Now let's take a quick look at item 7A.
Here we have item 7A,
which talks about quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
In particular, they focus on the risk due to
interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.
Now let's go back to this page and let's take a quick look at the complete 10-K document,
but now in plain text format.
Here we have the same 10-K document we saw before,
but now it is just in plain text format.
Even though it looks very messy,
this is actually the document we will be using to inscribe data from the 10-Ks.
This is because all the 10-Ks can't be found in HTML format.
For example, let's take a look at the 10-K filing from 1994.
We can see that the 10-K document is only available in plain text format.
So if we click here,
we can see the 10-K that was filed in 1994.
So now you know how to use the EDGAR database to find the 10-Ks for any company you want.